README.md, before:

TodoTxtJs
=========
A Typescript/Javascript web app implementation of TodoTxt.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/MartinSGill/TodoTxtJs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/MartinSGill/TodoTxtJs)

__Don't forget to check out the [wiki](https://github.com/MartinSGill/TodoTxtJs/wiki) for more information.__

Where?
------

Check out the [live version](http://todo.martinsgill.co.uk) to see it in action.

Why?
----

The principle purpose of this project is:

1. To provide a means for me to learn and practice writing web-apps.
2. To provide me with a way to easily edit my Todos from any computer.
3. To remain compatible with the [Android app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.todotxt.todotxttouch)

Additionally:

* To write a WebApp that will run on any WebServer without the need for server-side scripting.
* To keep me entertained.
* To contribute back to the open source community that I've long benefited from.

What?
-----

* Uses the excellent and simple [TodoTxt](http://www.todotxt.com) format
* Fully editable Todos.
* Quick Filters: Click on Priority / Project / Context / Due Date to quickly filter.
* Filter on anything
* Save to Local Browser Storage, or Sync with your Dropbox account.
* Due date support
* see in app Help (?) for more capabilities
* or the [Wiki](https://github.com/MartinSGill/TodoTxtJs/wiki) for in-depth information

When?
-----

These include only headline feature changes. See the commits for full details.

* v1.6 - Dropbox: file location, logout
* v1.5 - Due Date filtering, preserving item index in file.
* v1.4 - Support for informal dates, New Notification UI
* v1.3 - Custom Sorting
* v1.2 - Themes support
* v1.1 - Support for due-date and metadata.
* v1.0 - Most features in place. Fully usable.

How?
----

With thanks to their authors.

* [Typescript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/)
* [KnockoutJS](http://www.knockoutjs.com)
* [jQuery](http://jquery.com)
* [jQuery.hotkeys](https://github.com/jeresig/jquery.hotkeys/)
* [dropbox.js](https://github.com/dropbox/dropbox-js)
* [moment.js](http://momentjs.com)
* and anyone else I've missed.

License
-------

This project/software is licensed under the MIT License.

Copyright (C) 2013-2015 Martin Gill

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

add to do list and goals to readme

README.md, after:

TodoTxtJs
=========
A Typescript/Javascript web app implementation of TodoTxt.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/MartinSGill/TodoTxtJs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/MartinSGill/TodoTxtJs)

__Don't forget to check out the [wiki](https://github.com/MartinSGill/TodoTxtJs/wiki) for more information.__

Where?
------

Check out the [live version](http://todo.martinsgill.co.uk) to see it in action.

Why?
----

The principle purpose of this project is:

1. To provide a means for me to learn and practice writing web-apps.
2. To provide me with a way to easily edit my Todos from any computer.
3. To remain compatible with the [Android app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.todotxt.todotxttouch)

Additionally:

* To write a WebApp that will run on any WebServer without the need for server-side scripting.
* To keep me entertained.
* To contribute back to the open source community that I've long benefited from.

What?
-----

* Uses the excellent and simple [TodoTxt](http://www.todotxt.com) format
* Fully editable Todos.
* Quick Filters: Click on Priority / Project / Context / Due Date to quickly filter.
* Filter on anything
* Save to Local Browser Storage, or Sync with your Dropbox account.
* Due date support
* see in app Help (?) for more capabilities
* or the [Wiki](https://github.com/MartinSGill/TodoTxtJs/wiki) for in-depth information

When?
-----

These include only headline feature changes. See the commits for full details.

* v1.6 - Dropbox: file location, logout
* v1.5 - Due Date filtering, preserving item index in file.
* v1.4 - Support for informal dates, New Notification UI
* v1.3 - Custom Sorting
* v1.2 - Themes support
* v1.1 - Support for due-date and metadata.
* v1.0 - Most features in place. Fully usable.

How?
----

With thanks to their authors.

* [Typescript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/)
* [KnockoutJS](http://www.knockoutjs.com)
* [jQuery](http://jquery.com)
* [jQuery.hotkeys](https://github.com/jeresig/jquery.hotkeys/)
* [dropbox.js](https://github.com/dropbox/dropbox-js)
* [moment.js](http://momentjs.com)
* and anyone else I've missed.

ToDo
----
- [x] Create new branch
- [ ] Refactor to remove unnecessary baggage  
- [ ] Simplify build/deploy process, set up CI/CD and host on AWS S3
- [ ] Implement Dropbox V2 API 

Future goals
------------
- [ ] Reports for edits, completions, etc
- [ ] Charts to display useful metrics

License
-------

This project/software is licensed under the MIT License.

Copyright (C) 2013-2015 Martin Gill

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
